c:\users\tw\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TikzEdt\TikzEdt\bin\Debug\TikzEdt.exe
c:\users\tw\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TikzEdt\TikzEdt\bin\Debug\TikzEdt.pdb
c:\users\tw\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TikzEdt\TikzEdt\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\tw\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TikzEdt\TikzEdt\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\tw\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TikzEdt\TikzEdt\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\tw\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TikzEdt\TikzEdt\obj\x86\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\tw\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TikzEdt\TikzEdt\obj\x86\Debug\TikzEdt_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\tw\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TikzEdt\TikzEdt\obj\x86\Debug\TikzEdt.g.resources
c:\users\tw\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TikzEdt\TikzEdt\obj\x86\Debug\TikzEdt.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\tw\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TikzEdt\TikzEdt\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
c:\users\tw\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TikzEdt\TikzEdt\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
c:\users\tw\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TikzEdt\TikzEdt\obj\x86\Debug\TikzEdt.exe
c:\users\tw\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TikzEdt\TikzEdt\obj\x86\Debug\TikzEdt.pdb
c:\users\tw\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TikzEdt\TikzEdt\bin\Debug\ICSharpCode.AvalonEdit.dll
c:\users\tw\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TikzEdt\TikzEdt\bin\Debug\ICSharpCode.AvalonEdit.pdb
c:\users\tw\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TikzEdt\TikzEdt\bin\Debug\ICSharpCode.AvalonEdit.xml
c:\users\tw\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TikzEdt\TikzEdt\obj\x86\Debug\TikzDisplay.baml
c:\users\tw\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TikzEdt\TikzEdt\obj\x86\Debug\TikzDisplay.g.cs
c:\users\tw\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TikzEdt\TikzEdt\obj\x86\Debug\TikzEdt_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\tw\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TikzEdt\TikzEdt\obj\x86\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\tw\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TikzEdt\TikzEdt\bin\Debug\TikzEdt.exe.config
c:\users\tw\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TikzEdt\TikzEdt\bin\Debug\PDFLibNet.dll
c:\users\tw\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TikzEdt\TikzEdt\obj\x86\Debug\ResGen.read.1.tlog
c:\users\tw\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TikzEdt\TikzEdt\obj\x86\Debug\ResGen.write.1.tlog
c:\users\tw\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TikzEdt\TikzEdt\bin\Debug\TikzSyntax.xshd
c:\users\tw\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TikzEdt\TikzEdt\obj\x86\Debug\PdfOverlay.baml
c:\users\tw\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TikzEdt\TikzEdt\obj\x86\Debug\PdfOverlay.g.cs
C:\Users\tw\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TikzEdt\TikzEdt\bin\Debug\RecentFileListLib.dll
C:\Users\tw\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TikzEdt\TikzEdt\obj\x86\Debug\Images\All_icon.baml
C:\Users\tw\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TikzEdt\TikzEdt\obj\x86\Debug\OverlayItem.baml
C:\Users\tw\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TikzEdt\TikzEdt\obj\x86\Debug\OverlayItem.g.cs
C:\Users\tw\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TikzEdt\TikzEdt\bin\Debug\antlr.runtime.dll
C:\Users\tw\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TikzEdt\TikzEdt\bin\Debug\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\tw\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TikzEdt\TikzEdt\bin\Debug\Antlr3.Utility.dll
C:\Users\tw\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TikzEdt\TikzEdt\bin\Debug\StringTemplate.dll
C:\Users\tw\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TikzEdt\TikzEdt\bin\Debug\Antlr3.Runtime.xml
C:\Users\tw\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TikzEdt\TikzEdt\bin\Debug\Antlr3.Utility.xml
